In the last lectures we learn how to send post and get requests and we also learn about this response
method here which allows us to unwrap our data.
We get back.
Now this is nice.
We will fine tune this in a second.
Before doing so let's actually go to our service service and exchange the POST method here.
I will actually duplicate it and comment it out let's exchange it with a put request method.
We don't have to change anything else.
Put request also allows us to send some data with the request in the request body.
We target the same your Elum we can even send the same headers but on firebase and this is only related
to firebase year might be different on your back and of course this will lead to a different behavior.
It will now not append our service to object with unique keys.
Instead it will override existing data.
So if I let this app reload and click on Save service now and click on firebase Now you see the old
data is gone.
These unique IDs are gone and we just have 0 and 1 our servers.
And if my reload my app which of course will lead to new IDs since they were recalculated and I click
on Save service again the old service are updated and the ideas are written.
This is what put us so this is how we can use a put request.
And now you solve three requests and action.
This is nice but in the next with you I actually want to have a look at how we can now work with the
data we get back and make this transformation process more convenient using some observables power